Populate the secrets for Hive only to cluster hive (#163)
openshift/ci-docs: content/en/docs/how-tos/cluster-claim.md

It is suggested to put the relevant manifests to the cluster pool in the same `namespace`. Hive [replaces](https://github.com/openshift/hive/blob/master/docs/clusterpools.md#install-config-template) `baseDomain` with the value taken from the pool's spec and `metadata.name` with a random string in the installation config from `secret/install-config-aws-us-east-1` and then passes it onto the OpenShift installer. Customizations such as the number of workers and the type of instances can be made there. A `ClusterImageSet` which a cluster level CRD defines the production and its version of the installed cluster.

> If any manifest contains sensitive information, e.g., `secret/hive-aws-credentials`, see [how to add a secret to CI](/docs/how-tos/adding-a-new-secret-to-ci/). Please use the key `secretsync/target-clusters: "hive"` for the secret because only cluster `hive` needs it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If any manifest contains sensitive information, e.g., `secret/hive-aws-credentials`, see [how to add a secret to CI](/docs/how-tos/adding-a-new-secret-to-ci/). Make sure to set the key `secretsync/target-clusters: "hive"` for the secret to ensure it is synced only to the cluster that needs it.
```

> When those manifests for a pool are applied on cluster `hive`, the cluster pool `cvp-cluster-pool` can be used to [claim a cluster for tests](/docs/architecture/ci-operator/#testing-with-a-cluster-from-a-cluster-pool).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When those manifests for a pool are applied on  the `hive` cluster, the cluster pool `cvp-cluster-pool` can be used to [claim a cluster for tests](/docs/architecture/ci-operator/#testing-with-a-cluster-from-a-cluster-pool).
```
